README.md, before:

# curriculum-databases-projects-template

> This template should be used for database related projects at Microverse.
> Generate your own repository, update this README and edit all files content while working on projects. You should not be adding any new files unless asked otherwise.


## Getting Started

This repository includes files with plain SQL that can be used to recreate a database:

- Use [schema.sql](./schema.sql) to create all tables.
- Use [data.sql](./data.sql) to populate tables with sample data.
- Check [queries.sql](./queries.sql) for examples of queries that can be run on a newly created database. **Important note: this file might include queries that make changes in the database (e.g., remove records). Use them responsibly!**


## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Update the project's README.md file

README.md, after:

# Create tables based on diagram 

> In this project, We have used a relational database to create the initial data structure for a hospital database.
> We have created patients, medical_histories, treatments, invoices, invoice_items and treatment_histories tables.


## Getting Started

This repository includes files with plain SQL that can be used to recreate a database:

- Use [schema_based_on_diagram.sql](./schema_based_on_diagram.sql) to create all tables.


## Authors

### Author 1

👤 **Toussaint Saraza**

- GitHub: [@sarazaToussaint](https://github.com/sarazaToussaint)
- Twitter: [@Toussaint Saraz1](https://twitter.com/ToussaintSaraz1)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/toussaintsaraza/)

### Author 2

👤 **Haji Bamsi**

- GitHub: [@Bamsi](https://github.com/bamsi)
- Twitter: [@Bamsi](https://twitter.com/bamsi)
- LinkedIn: [@bamsi](https://linkedin.com/in/bamsi)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
